welcome back to movies recapped today i
am going to explain a fantasy thriller
film called ghost rider
as the movie starts we are shown two
bikers performing stunts
both were father and son in relation
sons names
johnny while performing stunts his bike
imbalances and he slips
after the show johnny's father angrily
advises him
it happened today but don't let it
happen in the future
when he gets home his site catches a
piece of paper
when he picks that up it was clearly
written on it that his father has chest
cancer
he becomes really worried and goes to
repair his bikes to console his heart
suddenly an old man comes there and says
johnny
i am an admirer of your biking skills
perhaps you will work for me someday
johnny says oh do you run a show as well
in reply he says yes world's biggest
show later he says your father is
suffering from cancer
right johnny asks him shockingly
who told you he asks him to leave this
topic and says
i can make your father healthy again but
in return you'll have to accept my
condition
johnny says okay tell me the amount you
want for this work
that old man demands his soul to which
johnny laughs because he wasn't
believing his words
that old man gives him a contract paper
as johnny starts reading it a pin
gets inserted into his hand and a blood
drop falls on the paper
that man then snatches the paper and
says this is enough
the scene changes and johnny is shown on
his bed
he thought it could be a dream he
nervously goes to his father and
asks if he's fine in reply his father
says that he was feeling unwell for some
days and getting weaker due to this
disease
but today the doctor told me that i'm
perfectly fine today and feeling myself
healthier
he says he was leaving for the show and
asks
johnny to join him but he was busy
somewhere
he tells his father that he is
interested in a girl named
roxy
her father wants to send him away so i
want to take her with me somewhere
he asks him till when i'll perform these
stunts
i want to do something new
johnny's father gives him the key of the
bike that he wanted to drive since
childhood
he wishes him good luck for his new
journey and leaves
johnny's friend's name was roxy then
he's shown on that bike
this area was so noisy and this was the
place where his father went to perform
stunts
upon investigating he acknowledges that
his father died in an accident
then that man comes in front of him who
asked him to sign the paper
johnny was upset due to his father's
death he slips and gets injured badly
here that man is shown again johnny
angrily says
why don't you stop following me you
killed my father
how did you know that he had cancer that
old man says
i only cured his cancer but how could he
become a part of our deal
he comes near johnny and places his hand
on johnny's chest and says
i'll come again forget your friends
relatives and your love
you'll work under me from now on as this
happens
johnny falls and his eyes turn red like
flames
later he goes to roxy where both of them
were supposed to leave from
but he doesn't go near her and moves
forward then we are shown a scene of a
few years later when
johnny had become the biggest stuntman
here
johnny was going to perform the most
dangerous stunt
in which he was supposed to cross many
cars
doing this an accident occurs and he and
his bike fall in a bad way
everyone surrounds him and gets scared
by seeing his closed eyes
after some time when he opens his eyes
he asks if his bike is okay
people say yes people get amazed that he
didn't
experience any injury this news becomes
highlighted that
johnny is a very strong stuntman and
nothing can happen to him
johnny's friends say it seems some kind
of angel saves your life
to which johnny says yes angel or devil
then we are shown a scene of the bar
where a man comes
as he comes everything starts freezing
people knew him as
black heart as he goes inside he starts
killing everyone
but there were three people who weren't
humans they asked him that what brought
him here
he says that he's here to bring san
begins his contract
it is hidden in a nearby graveyard and
you people will help me to find that
he says that once he gets the contract
he'll rule the whole world
one of those men asks him what about
your father
then we are shown that old man he was
the same guy who took johnny's sign on
the contract
he goes outside and says to his father
hand over me the custody of everything
this is my time to rule his father says
yes your time will come but this is my
time
black heart says to his father that you
know you can't touch a hair of mine as
long as you're here
his father says that my writer won't let
you do this
black heart says in a taunting way ha
that ghost rider i'll bury both of you
alive
hearing it he leaves this old man was a
demon and ghost rider worked for him
just like this he made a contract in the
village of san begins and he became very
powerful after that
now blackheart wanted to adapt to this
thing
later we are shown johnny who is getting
ready for his longest jump
some reporters come there to take his
interview johnny
refuses but a voice is heard from behind
not even to your friend
in fact she was roxy johnny
comes to her and she starts the
interview when
johnny goes there to perform the stunt
there were six helicopters instead of
cars
today he had to jump over these
helicopters the time comes and it is
seen that
johnny jumped easily everyone gets
amazed
after it he goes to meet roxy she was
angry with him because they were
supposed to go somewhere but
johnny didn't even come to meet her but
he makes her agree somehow and they
decide to meet at 8pm tonight
he was getting ready when he sees his
hands getting red
when he pours water on his hands he sees
smoke coming out of them
after that he hears his name johnny
but when he turns and looks behind no
one is there
but he sees that the engine of his bike
was turned on
later that old man is shown again johnny
asks him stay away from me what do you
want from me
he replies it's possible for me to stay
away from you
i was with you for the past many years
now the time to act upon my orders has
come
he says find black heart
and kill him johnny says i will never do
this
why don't you that old man says that
this is impossible
you'll do my work as you've signed the
contract once the work is done
i'll return your soul johnny
tries to start his bite but it doesn't
start
that old man hits his stick to the
ground and the bike's tires get red and
the bike catches speed
as it starts things around it start
blowing up
fire sets into the bike it was so speedy
that it throws
johnny away then we are shown johnny's
body which was covered in fire
his whole body became fire he had become
ghost writer now
[Music]
later he goes to black heart and says
that you are a rule breaker
you did wrong by breaking it go back to
hell
but black heart doesn't pay heed to him
and orders three of his men to attack
him
they hit him with the truck
they think him dead and leave from there
ghost rider was still alive and the
truck driver was also there
ghost rider turns him into ashes by
burning him
as he moves forward he sees a woman a
robber was stealing her purse
he frees the woman and asks the robber
to feel the pain of those he killed or
robbed by looking into his eyes
[Music]
after which he starts feeling their pain
and he dies
in fact ghost rider was capable of an
ability by which he could give
punishment to the people for their sins
we realize that the places where ghost
riders bite passes from being set on
fire then
johnny is shown to us coming back to his
real form
the place where he fainted was a
graveyard but when he regains his
consciousness he finds himself in a room
when he comes out of the room he sees an
old man
he was the caretaker of the graveyard he
says to him that what happened yesterday
will repeat today
johnny asks him who are you he says
whoever i am but i know that you're
ghost rider
without my help you can't stay alive for
long
he says no i don't want anyone's help
the old man says you'll have to fulfill
the agreement he tells him that he'll
become
ghost writer at night and johnny in the
daytime
johnny asks him was there any other
ghost writer before me
he says yes one thousand years ago
a man from san veganza became a ghost
rider
he tells him this village was so
peaceful but then a man came there and
spread hate among them
after it villagers started killing their
own people
their souls are still in that village
johnny
asks him how these things are connected
to black heart
that old man asks are you behind him
johnny
says yes he has other people with him as
well
that old man says that they all were
angels before who were sent to the earth
now he's in wait that when this world
will end the old man says you are safe
here because they can't enter god's
house
johnny says all right
you did well by telling me that i am
chosen by the devil
but i can't stay here when he comes back
he sees that the whole city is destroyed
roads are broken and no one knew that
who did it then her friend
roxy is shown interviewing someone she
was angry with him again and leaves
because he didn't meet her this time too
after it johnny comes to his house and
read books about the ghost writers
it was written that they can control
their fire if they want
then johnny does the same he takes out
the fire on his hand and then controls
it
later roxy comes again and apologizes to
him and says
i didn't want to talk like this to you
she looks at a picture of both of them
in his room
johnny says let me take you to the car
he didn't want to do it but he had to
because the night was falling and his
time of becoming ghost rider was drawing
near
roxy asks him what's wrong with you
what do you want johnny says if i tell
you the truth
you won't like staying with me roxy
compels him to speak
he tells the truth but she doesn't
believe it and leaves
the police were blaming ghost rider for
all the destruction happening in the
city
they arrest him and put him behind bars
but as the night falls he melts the rods
of the jail and comes outside
he set out to meet black heart when
black heart
gets aware of it he orders his men to
stop him
on the other side police were chasing
him too
then a scene creates that a man of black
heart calls the ghost rider and starts
running
now ghost rider runs behind him and the
police behind ghost rider
on the way a building comes and ghost
rider drives his bike on it
seeing this people get nervous and
scared roxy
was witnessing everything and she starts
believing that he must be speaking the
truth
as the ghost writer reaches the top he
grabs blackheart's man
but nothing happens to him as he had
powers of the air
but suddenly ghost rider takes out his
chain and covers it with fire
and starts wrapping it around him as a
result
he dies of burning later johnny goes to
that old man again who told him about
the ghost rider
johnny asks him how will this end he
tells him that everything will come to
an end with blackheart's death
then that man takes him to a grave
slee was written on it he tells that he
was also a ghost rider
he was sent to take the souls of the
people of san vegans
according to the contract but when he
found this task difficult
he didn't give that contract to
blackheart and run with it
blackheart wants to get this contract
because it will make him powerful
but during this don't go near your
beloved ones because he'll use them
against you
then ghost rider goes to roxy but he
finds
black heart they're already black heart
grabs him by the neck but on contrary
johnny
becomes the ghost rider and grabs him by
the knack
and then says look into my eyes and feel
the pain of the people whom you killed
and did wrong with
black heart says your powers won't work
on me because i am soulless
as he says this he pushes him and says
from now on you'll work for me instead
of my father
if you want to save roxy's life then
meet her in san vegans
along with that contract
after it blackheart takes roxy with her
on the other hand johnny goes to that
old man and says
i want to save my friend at any cost
that old man had that contract
johnny requests him to give this
contract to him
the old man refuses and says this will
destroy the whole world
johnny asks him to trust him they took
my soul but didn't by me
i still have faith and passion for love
left in me
that old man says i know that you didn't
make this contract in greed but for love
therefore god is helping you too i think
you are the one who can kill
black heart that old man says all
alright
but san begins a village is at a
distance of 500 miles so we should set
out now
johnny asks shockingly we what do you
mean
just then the old man whistles and a
horse disappeared from there
he sits on the horse and says to johnny
that my one last journey is remaining
as he says this he wears his hat and we
see him turning into a ghost rider
in fact he was also a ghost writer and
he was that man who didn't give
black heart that contract of san
veganism
after this they both set out for san
vegans on their rides
as they reach there that old man says i
can't go forward anymore
because i could become a ghost writer
only one more time
i saved this chance for today he leaves
as he says this
now johnny enters inside only one man of
black heart with left he tries to make
him drown in the water
but just then johnny becomes the ghost
rider and drowns him on the contrary
then he goes to black heart and asks him
to free her
but he throws her away johnny had that
contract in his hand
he goes near black heart but doesn't
give him the contract
then he becomes the ghost rider they
fight a lot
then we are shown that the sun is rising
taking advantage of
it black heart throws the ghost rider in
the sunlight
and then he is transformed into johnny
that village felt so haunted because
many souls were present there
black blackheart holds up the contract
and starts reading it loudly
he says all the souls that are here
come inside me hearing it all the souls
start coming inside him
blackheart's eyes turned red because he
was a holder of many powers now
roxy goes to the ghost rider and asks
him to leave
it's time to leave she says we gave him
what he wanted but
johnny says no i started this contract
and i've to end it
roxy asks him why only you
johnny says because i'm ghost rider
later
blackheart goes near johnny and shoots
him but nothing happens to him
he hits him and his gun falls then he
tries to go into the dark but
black heart grabs him by the neck and
says not now
now i have all the souls of your world.
suddenly roxy comes and starts shooting
him
it distracts him and johnny falls from
his hand
roxy shoots again and here black heart's
neck is detached
but obviously he had many powers so he
could grow his head back
roxy's gun runs out of bullets
johnny takes this gun and takes his hand
in the dark and start firing because his
hand was a fire now
black heart is cut into pieces with it
all those souls start exiting his body
but as of told he had many powers so he
collects all the souls again and comes
back to his original form
but now he knew how to kill black heart
he goes to him and asks him to feel the
pain of the souls whom he had killed
he starts feeling the pain because of
many souls
he couldn't endure the pain
and finally he dies here later his
father that old man is shown to us
he comes to johnny and says well done
you did my task i free you now you can
start your new life happily if you want
a normal life he says johnny
refuses and says i'll use these powers
and abilities against you
wherever someone is killed i will be
there you will be punished for what you
have done
the old man says i will not leave you
ghost writer says
we aren't afraid he hits his stick hard
on the ground and disappears with a loud
scream
the movie ends here subscribe for watch
more video
turn on notification don't forget to
like comment and share
thank you for watching